Create ui-c8y-1020-13-4-logs-device-tab-fixes-6727-graft-release-cd-6799.md (#2322)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1020-13-4-logs-device-tab-fixes-6727-graft-release-cd-6799.md

---
date: ""

> title: Logs device tab fixes #6727 [graft][release/cd]  (#6799)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Fixed issues with the logs device tab
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-3831
version: 1020.13.4
---

> Logs device tab fixes #6727 [graft][release/cd]  (#6799)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
The logs device tab was not working as expected in some cases, causing problems for users trying to view and analyze device logs. This change fixes several issues with the logs device tab, ensuring it works reliably across all supported devices and configurations. Users should now be able to view and filter device logs without encountering any errors or inconsistencies.
```
